the staff at Gaz and Naser Hospital in
KH Unis are trying to save lives on two
fronts they have launched a desperately
needed vaccination campaign to stop a
polio
outbreak while at the same time dealing
with the everyday casualties of Israel's
devastating War the bodies of at least
27 Palestinians were brought to the
hospital on Saturday after being killed
in Israeli air
strikes polio had not been detected in
Gaza for 25 years before the war reduced
much of the territory sewage and water
facilities to ruin the campaign was
launched after a 10-month-old
Palestinian baby was paralyzed after
Contracting the virus Palestinian
parents says they are worried about how
they will bring their children to a
vaccination Center or even if their
children will survive attacks by the
Israeli Army at night and now they are
in fear of their kids being infected
with a virus that had been contained for
decades there is danger every second for
our children as the war continues and
the strikes are everywhere there was a
risk to bring my child to Nasser
hospital where the vaccination campaign
started and to move from one place to
another but Palestinians Health
officials are skeptical of the
campaign's success given the horrific
conditions in Gaza caus by Israel's
war we call for a real ceasefire for
this campaign to succeed without this
all the arrangements that have been made
cannot qualify this campaign for Success
regardless our teams will go everywhere
wherever there is a Palestinian who
needs this vaccination our teams will
reach them despite the
risks Israel says it will have three
consecutive pauses in the fighting
During certain hours the first of those
pauses is Ed in central Gaza followed by
the south and then finally in the north
the World Health Organization says at
least 90% of children in Gaza need to be
vaccinated twice with a 4-week gap
between doses but the vaccination
campaign faces many challenges since
Israel destroyed most of the medical
facilities and all roads in Gaza in the
last 11 months hanim Mahmud Al jazer
from the central area of the Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz